if someone is overburdened with care one
of the things you might help them do is
find out if they're reaching out to the
people around them enough their
neighbors their friends their family you
know maybe they're trying to do it all
themselves and maybe they don't have to
and maybe they do you know in which case
maybe you have to help them figure out
how they can optimize their rest and
whether they're getting enough to eat
there's no generic solution to problems
like that and the behavior therapist is
generally very good at breaking down
narrative problems to their finest level
and then implementing practical
Solutions iterating and implementing
practical Solutions which is something
you can do yourself